Adds extra paragraph and screenshot to further validate DCGM exporter (#1159)
kubecost/docs: install-and-configure/advanced-configuration/gpu.md

![Prometheus query showing DCGM Exporter metric](/images/gpu-prometheus-query.png)

> Additionally, check the `DCGM_FI_PROF_GR_ENGINE_ACTIVE` metric. This is the metric Kubecost uses to determine GPU utilization. GPU efficiency features in the UI are only enabled when there are nonzero values for this metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, check the `DCGM_FI_PROF_GR_ENGINE_ACTIVE` metric. This is the metric Kubecost currently uses to determine GPU utilization. GPU efficiency features in the UI are only enabled when there are non-zero values for this metric.
```
